{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs30 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc0 Polyphonic Synthesis with Fractal Tree Visualisations 
\f1\fs24 \ulnone \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs30 \cf0 This is intended to be a polyphonic synthesiser with generative fractal visual accompaniment. I was originally planning on using an L-System to control the pitch of the synthesiser, and the visuals. However, I was unable to successfully implement a working L-system, as I had problems accessing individual characters within a string a using them as the argument for my function. I\'92m sure for an experienced C++ programmer, this problem could have been easily remedied, but after being unable to find a solution, and having used a considerable amount of the time I had allocated to finish the main project, I decided to abandon the L-system, and re-use the fractal tree system I had made for the earlier example project. 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs30 The problem with my synthesiser seems to be to do with the audio stream, which crashes after a few notes are played. I found it quite difficult finding good reference and troubleshooting for ofxMaxim, so although I understand the theory of the content taught in the classes, actually implementing it in ofxMaxim proved to be harder than I anticipated. 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs30 In conclusion, I\'92m quite disappointed with my work in this project. I know I could have produced work of a higher standard, but my own disorganisation and lack of self-discipline have once again held me back. \
\
Video - https://youtu.be/rmEJ6keuh5I
\f1\fs24 \
}